fix(@astrojs/rss): use standard rss content type, add utf-8 charset (#12644)
withastro/astro: .changeset/loud-cobras-rhyme.md

---
'@astrojs/rss': patch
---

> use standard rss content type, add charset utf-8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sends the standard RSS content type response header, with UTF-8 charset
```
